feat: add docker context module (#996)
starship/starship: docs/config/README.md

truncation_length = 8
```

## Docker Context

The `docker_context` module shows the currently active
[Docker context](https://docs.docker.com/engine/context/working-with-contexts/) if it's not set to
`default`.

### Options

| Variable          | Default       | Description                                                                  |
| ----------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `symbol`          | `"🐳 "`       | The symbol used before displaying the Docker context .                       |

> | `only_with_files` | `false`       | Only show when there's a `docker-compose.yml` file in the current directory. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `only_with_files` | `false`       | Only show when there's a `docker-compose.yml` or `Dockerfile` in the current directory. |
```

| `only_with_compose_yml` | `false`       | Only show when there's a `docker-compose.yml` file in the current directory. |

> | `disabled`              | `true`        | Disables the `docker_context` module.                                        |

Reviewer: We generally put the `style` and `disabled` variables at the bottom of the table.
```suggestion
| `only_with_compose_yml` | `false`       | Only show when there's a `docker-compose.yml` file in the current directory. |
| `style`                 | `"bold blue"` | The style for the module.                                                    |
| `disabled`              | `true`        | Disables the `docker_context` module.                                        |
```
